Terms & Conditions of Service
Minicabs.co.uk is a minicab service provider operating on behalf of Minicabs UK Ltd,
Operator License No: 06242,
Company Registered in England: 6953066,
VAT Reg. No. 157891660,
Registered at Minicab House, Rear of 539-541 Kingsbury Road, London, NW9 9EG.
Telephone: 0208 204 4444
Email: bookings@minicabs.co.uk.


1- Your use of Minicabs UK Ltd services

1.1 You are registered as a customer of Minicabs UK Ltd whenever you use one of our services. This includes and is not limited to, telephone bookings, text message bookings, Online, Use of Our official Apps or Live Chat. You are deemed to have accepted these terms when you register with us on our official app or online, or prior to making a booking.
1.2 You agree:
1.2.1 All information that you have provided to us prior to, during, or after using our service is all correct. This is and is not limited to online booking, email, official app or telephone bookings. If you have registered online or on our official Minicabs UK Ltd app, then this information can be updated at any time or corrected.
1.2.2 Your use of Minicabs UK Ltd services grants no intellectual rights.
1.2.3 You will not use any of Minicabs UK Ltd services for any other purpose other than for the purpose they are provided to you or for any unlawful purpose; in any way that damages or makes our service less effective; to access or attempt to access the data of other users.
1.2.4 To refrain from doing anything which we reasonably believe to be disreputable or capable of damaging our reputation.
1.2.7 To make payment in full for any minicab journey you take or book on behalf of another party and/or in respect of using any Minicabs UK Ltd services provided to you.
1.2.8 To treat all Minicabs UK Ltd drivers with respect as they are obliged to treat you and not cause damage to their vehicle nor engage in any unlawful, threatening or abusive behaviour. Any damage caused will result in the relevant charges to cover the damage.
1.3 Minicabs UK Ltd a licensed Private Hire operator is responsible for all bookings. Any matters related to bookings should be dealt directly with Minicabs UK Ltd.
1.3.1 All payments will be made to Minicabs UK Ltd and cash will be collected by drivers on behalf of Minicabs UK Ltd.
1.3.2 Bookings can only be accepted and cancelled by Minicabs UK Ltd.


2- Charges and Payment

2.1 To check the cost of a minicab journey Click here
2.2 If you chose to pay for a minicab journey via card, then a preauthorization request will be put on your debit or credit card. Upon completing the journey, the relevant fare will be charged. You agree that we may undertake the relevant authorization checks on any payment details you have provided us. You have the option to link your account or not. Payment details will only be stored to allow you to make your payment via card when you use our services and/or to collect any money you may owe us.
2.3 If a minicab journey has been cancelled before the driver has been dispatched, then there will be no charge.
2.4 Once the journey has been completed or the journey is being carried out, then you will not be able to cancel.
2.5 If a minicab journey has been cancelled after the driver has been dispatched, then there will be a minimum cancellation fee of £5.00.
2.6 Extra Charges & Fees
2.6.1 You will be charged £20 if the vehicle requires cleaning during or after your journey. This may include but is not limited to drinks spillage, vomiting, urine, or any other applicable scenario resulting in the vehicle not being able to provide a safe and pleasant journey to another customer.
2.6.2 You will be charged at cost for any damage to the vehicle caused by you or any property belonging to the driver or Minicabs UK Ltd. This may include but is not limited to breaking of windows, damage of interior or exterior in any shape or manner.
2.7 All prices that have been quoted are based upon the information given at the time.
2.8 Prices are subject to change if:
2.8.1 There is an increase in passengers or luggage, the price will be different due to the vehicle change.
2.8.2 There is a decrease in passengers which may result in a lower price due to vehicle change.
2.8.3 There are any extra drops or diversions which will lead to an extra charge.
2.9 All prices quoted are per vehicle.
2.9.1 In the event you choose PayPal as a payment method, the terms and conditions of PayPal shall apply in addition to these Payment Terms. Any additional fees charged by PayPal are your sole responsibility and you authorise Minicabs UK Ltd to take payment from your default or selected payment method on PayPal.
2.9.2 In the event you choose card as a payment method, you agree to allow Minicabs UK Ltd to debit your account for the amount shown for the relevant booking.


3- Airport Transfer

3.1 Meet and Greet service is provided free of charge for Heathrow, Gatwick and London City Airport. For Luton and Stansted, it is an additional £3 for meet and greet service at the relevant meeting points.
3.2 For Luton Airport and Stansted Drop Offs, barrier charges are already included.
3.3 All return journeys from Heathrow, Gatwick and London City Airport will be £5 more than outgoing. This for the driver to meet you inside the airport, and any parking charges up to £5. You will be liable to pay any parking charges above this.
3.4 For an Airport Pick Up, the driver will go inside the Airport at the agreed time after landing i.e. 15 minutes, 30 minutes, 45 minutes or 60 minutes as requested upon booking. He or she will wait at the relevant meeting point within arrivals with a Placard if requested. If the customer has not come out, the driver will try contacting them by phone or any alternative contact method we have. If the customer fails to show after 20 minutes and no contact has been made, then the driver will pull away and the passenger will be liable to pay the full fare.
3.5 All flights are monitored by our team on the official relevant website of the Airport, therefore if a passenger does not board their flight, then our control room must be notified via email, telephone or live chat. This must be done two hours prior to the booking time and failure to do so will incur the full booking fare.
3.5.1 Flight landing time will only be accepted from the official airport website.
3.6 If the passenger is waiting at the airport and has no mobile, they should contact our 24-hour Control Room on 0208 204 1234 or Free from any Pay Phone 0800 6528210 so we can pass on this information to the driver. Passengers are instructed not to leave the airport without informing our office as this will be regarded as a Cancellation without Prior notice and result in a full fare charge.
3.7 Passengers are responsible to load and unload their belongings as we will not be held liable for loss or damage.
3.8 We reserve the right to refuse any passenger our services due to the passenger having excess luggage which would result in the vehicle being unsafe on the road.
3.9 Waiting Charges
3.9.1 All flights are monitored using the official Airport websites.
3.9.2 After the requested minutes after landing, the relevant waiting charges will apply:
Saloon Car: £1.50 for every 5-minutes
Any Other Vehicle: £1.75 for every 5-minutes
3.10 We highly recommend you arrive at the airport at least 3 hours before the flight departure time.
3.10.1 Please allow yourself enough journey time in case of any delays and changes to the journey (Accidents, car breaks down, diversions etc...)
3.10.2 We are not liable for passengers missing their flight.


4- Vehicles

Our Fleet of Vehicles are all covered by Hire and Reward Insurance for a select amount of passengers.
4.1 Saloon and Estate Cars are insured to carry a maximum of 4 passengers
4.2 Executive Cars are insured to carry a maximum of 4 passengers
4.3 MPVs are insured to carry up to 6 passengers
4.4 8 Seaters are insured to carry up to 7 or 8 passengers


5- Promotions

From time to time, Minicabs UK Ltd may create promotions offering voucher codes that may be redeemed for a discount when using our services. These promotions can be removed at any time when Minicabs UK Ltd wishes. You agree to the individual terms and conditions of that promotion and also understand that; the promotion code cannot be sold or transferred in any other manner, redeemed for cash, may expire prior to use, and may be limited for one time use only. Minicabs UK Ltd reserve the right to remove any voucher code if it is determined that the redemption of the voucher code was done in error or violation of the applicable terms and conditions.


6- General

6.1 A booking can only be amended or cancelled by contacting us via telephone, email, live chat or in person.
6.2 Illustrations, photographs and description on the website, brochures, price lists or documents serve merely as a guide and will not be binding. 
6.3 The company reserves the right to make use of subcontractors to provide service to the passengers. These sub-contractors will be able to provide a high quality of service and will be licensed and comply with the regulations stipulated by Transport for London. These sub-contractors may occasionally charge more but also less than the quoted price.
6.4 Passengers are responsible to load and unload their belongings as we will not be held liable for loss or damage.
6.5 We reserve the right to refuse any passenger our services due to the passenger having excess luggage which would result in the vehicle being unsafe on the road.
6.6 We are always looking for ways to improve and expand our service. We may amend these Terms from time to time in order to reflect changes to Minicabs UK Ltd in which case, we will give you reasonable notice of any changes to these Terms.
6.7 Our website sets out how you can contact us and you can also contact us at: bookings@minicabs.co.uk



7.1- Social Media Promotion FB30



7.1.1- Use the promo code FB30 to get 30% off your next ride.
7.1.2- To apply a promo code, you must enter it prior to completing the booking.
7.1.3- The maximum discount redeemable is capped at £ 3.00.
7.1.4- This promotion is only redeemable on the Minicabs.co.uk iOS or Android APP.
7.1.5- This promotional code is valid from the 20th May to 30th June.
7.1.6- This promotion may be removed at any time by Minicabs.co.uk.
7.1.7- This promotion is limited to one per account.
7.1.8- The promo code FB30 is single-use and once used on a booking it is not redeemable again.
7.1.9- If you have used a similar promotional code already on your account this offer may not be available to you.
7.1.10- There is no cash alternative to this promotion.



7.2- Social Media Promotion FIX30



7.2.1- Use the promo code FIX30 to get 30% off your next ride.
7.2.2- To apply a promo code, you must enter it prior to completing the booking.
7.2.3- The maximum discount redeemable is capped at £3.00
7.2.4- This promotion is only redeemable on the Minicabs.co.uk iOS or Android APP.
7.2.5- This promotional code is valid from the 20th May to 31st May.
7.2.6- This promotion may be removed at any time by Minicabs.co.uk.
7.2.7- This promotion is limited to one per account.
7.2.8- The promo code FIX30 is single-use and once used on a booking it is not redeemable again.
7.2.9- If you have used a similar promotional code already on your account this offer may not be available to you.
7.2.10- There is no cash alternative to this promotion



8- Price changes applied to prebookings



8.1- Your pre-booked journey and new bookings may be subject to a maximum 50% price increase during large events and public transport train/ tube strikes. Minicab operators always expect a “significant” surge in demand during the rail strikes.
8.2- We must work hard to ensure enough drivers are out on the road to meet the surge of high demand. Due to this and the inevitable rise in fuel prices and traffic on the road due to a heavily reduced public transport your pre-booked journey may incur an increased cost of up to 50%.
8.3- When there is a high demand in service and also due to a large event such as a concert it results in heavy traffic and road closures. This results in journey times taking much longer for our drivers to complete and they feel they are not compensated enough.
8.4- In the event your journey is subject to a price increase a member of our 24-hour control room will contact you to confirm your new quote. At this point, you are free to accept the quote or decline the quote which may result in your booking being cancelled.

These Terms are dated  August 2022


% privacy policy

Our Privacy Policy

We are dedicated to protecting the confidentiality and privacy of information entrusted to us. We comply with EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the UK Data Protection bill.

This privacy statement describes why and how we collect and use personal data and provides information about data subjects’ (individuals) rights. It applies to personal data provided to us, both by individuals themselves or by others. We may use personal data provided to us for any of the purposes described in this privacy statement or as otherwise stated at the point of collection.

Personal data is any information relating to an identified or identifiable living person. Minicabs-UK Ltd processes personal data for numerous purposes, and the means of collection, lawful basis of processing, use, disclosure, and retention periods for each purpose may differ.

When collecting and using personal data, our policy is to be transparent about why and how we process personal data.

About us
This Privacy Policy applies to Minicabs-UK Ltd.

What Information do we collect
We may collect personal data from direct and indirect sources.

Direct: We may obtain personal data directly from individuals who complete online forms, apply for open job roles, subscribe to our marketing communications. We may also obtain personal data in the course of delivering services to our clients and customers.
Indirect: We may obtain personal data from a variety of sources including our clients and recruitment service providers. We may append personal data we hold about individuals to better serve our clients during the course of the contract, satisfy a legal obligation and or pursue our legitimate interests.
Public Sources: Personal data may be obtained from publicly held registers of information such as polling registers, companies house, charity commission, news articles, sanction lists and internet searches.
Recruitment services: We may obtain personal data about new candidates from an employment agency and other parties including former employers.
Background checks: We may obtain personal data about new candidates from credit reference agencies and or other background check agency providers.
How do we collect personal information
We may collect personal information through various medium of communication as outlined below:

Information that you have given to us when speaking to one of our team members on the telephone
Information that you have entered on our website (www.minicabs.co.uk) when making a booking
Information that you may register on our APPS when making a booking (name, telephone number, email address, addresses)
This data is also known as booking details
We may record calls for quality and training purposes, booking confirmations, complaints
Some of our vehicles are fitted with dash cams with video/audio recording which cameras are facing outward used to help insurance companies in case of an accident. Your picture may also be recorded when entering and exiting the vehicle only, and this data is automatically deleted after every 24 hours
Categories of Personal data collected
We may obtain following categories of personal data about individuals:

Personal Data
Contact details: name, company name, role title, personal, work and mobile telephone numbers, personal and work email address, postal address, etc
Professional details: career history, educational and professional affiliations, etc
Family, next of kin/beneficiary details: name of next of kin/beneficiary, personal, work and mobile telephone numbers
Financial details: bank details, payroll, pensions, bankruptcy records, etc
Tax details: tax records, PAYE details
Curriculum Vitae (CV) for job applications
CCTV recording: images of visitors and employees during normal course of work
Sensitive (special category) data
We only ever use your personal data with your consent, or to the extent necessary to:

enter into, or perform, a contract with you
comply with a legal duty;
remember your preferences e.g. if you ask not to receive marketing material, we will keep a record of this, or
for our own (or a third party’s) legitimate interests (such as marketing, internal record keeping, market research or to improve our products) provided your rights don’t override these.
We will only use your information for the purpose it was collected (or for similar/related purposes).

We will never sell your personal data or share it with third parties who might use it for their own purposes.

Marketing
We use personal information (such as email addresses and sms) to market and promote our services to other businesses.

You can choose to ‘opt out’ of Minicabs-UK Ltd marketing communications by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ link at the bottom of our emails. If you wish to change your contact details or preferences please email us at dataprivacy@minicabs.co.uk

Security
We employ a variety of technical and organizational measures to keep personal data safe and to prevent unauthorized access to, or use or disclosure of it.

We have a framework of policies, procedures and training in place covering data protection, confidentiality and security and regularly review the appropriateness of the measures we have in place to keep the data we hold secure.

Third party and International transfers
We will only share personal data with others when we are legally permitted to do so. When we share data with others, we put contractual arrangements and security mechanisms in place to protect the data and to comply with our data protection, confidentiality and security standards.

We normally only store data within the European Economic Area (EEA). If we or one of our subcontractors (such as a payment processor) needs to transfer it outside of the EEA then

we will take steps to make sure adequate levels of privacy protection, in line with UK data protection law, are in place. These safeguards will usually be contractual and/or the result of a European Union decision which allows the transfer (such as a US organization that is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework).

Data Retention
We will continue to store limited information about the client (including transaction records) and employees for up to 6 years for accounting, record keeping and administrative purposes. If we consider there is a need to store records for longer (for example, the transaction has been the subject of a dispute or claim or former employee pension provider details) then we will retain the data for as long as is necessary.

Your rights
Individuals have certain rights over their personal data and data controllers are responsible for fulfilling these rights. Where we decide how and why personal data is processed, we are a data controller and include further information about the rights that individuals have and how to exercise them below. We may charge for a request for access in accordance with applicable law. You can exercise your rights by writing to:

Minicabs-UK Ltd Data Controller
Rear of 539/541 Kingsbury Road, London, NW9 9EG
dataprivacy@minicabs.co.uk

Right to Access - You have a right of access to personal data held by us as a data controller.

Right to Rectification - You have a right to have inaccurate data rectified

Right to Object - You have a right to object to your data being used for marketing or profiling

Right to Withdraw Consent - You have a right to withdraw your consent that you have previously given

10-Other data subject rights
This privacy statement is intended to provide information about what personal data we collect about you and how it is used. As well as rights of access and amendment referred to above, individuals may have other rights in relation to the personal data we hold, such as a right to erasure/deletion, to restrict or object to our processing of personal data and the right to data portability.

Complaints
Please keep in mind that there are exceptions to the rights above and, though we will always try to respond to your satisfaction, there may be situations where we are unable to do so. If you are not happy with our response, or you believe that your data protection or privacy rights have been infringed, you should contact the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), which oversees data protection compliance in the UK. Details of how to do this can be found at www.ico.org.uk.

Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites. We do not control those other sites and we cannot be responsible for the content of those sites or for the protection of any information you provide to other sites (which are not governed by this privacy policy). We accept no responsibility or liability for such other websites. You should exercise caution when entering personal information online and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.

Data controller and contact information
Any questions about your personal data or this policy should be directed to
The data controller is:
Minicabs-UK Ltd Data Controller
Rear of 539/541 Kingsbury Road, London, NW9 9EG
dataprivacy@minicabs.co.uk
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or how and why we process personal data, please contact us at:
Minicabs-UK Ltd Data Controller
Rear of 539/541 Kingsbury Road, London, NW9 9EG
dataprivacy@minicabs.co.uk

Changes to this statement
Our privacy policy may be updated from time to time and the latest version can be obtained by writing to Minicabs-UK Ltd Data Controller, Rear of 539/541 Kingsbury Road, London, NW9 9EG, dataprivacy@minicabs.co.uk

 
Last modified: 24 May 2018